# CS340_Advanced-Programming-Concepts
## How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future? ##

#### I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by taking my time to follow the programs requirements and working through the project in a step-by-step manner. The Python file AnimalShelter needed to have the CRUD functions, so I started at the beginning and made sure that there were the correct imports, a class file name, and its parameters, and then started working on the CRUD functions one by one. Create, Read, Update, and Delete. Once these functions were written, I went and tested my file to be sure that the file ran correctly and gave the correct outputs. This file can be used in future projects by importing the file to the project using the import AnimalShelter from AnimalShelter command. This file can be altered to fit my desired database by changing the self.client and self.database functions to call on the new project instead of the project this file was originally written for. ####

## How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests? ##

#### I approach a problem with an open mind. If I am having a lot of issues trying to resolve the problem, then I will step away for a moment and clear my head so that I can come back with a clear mind. This usually works for me as I can de-stress and work through the problem and different ideas in my head before coming back and taking another look at the issue. I used this a lot in the projects for this course as I had a lot of system errors that kept me from getting my desired outputs. This was unforetold and out of my hands so when I came back the system was working correctly and allowed me to continue my work. When I had an issue with the code that was my user-error then I would take a step back and think about the issue while taking a break from the code. I have figured out several of my issues with my code by doing this. For example, during the CRUD python file testing I was getting an error that I did not understand what the error was addressing. I took a step back and came back and immediately noticed what the error was addressing, and I was able to fix it and get the test to run correctly. ####

## What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better? ##

#### Computer scientists make programs of all types. Testing programs, applications, software, and web applications. Some computer scientists create programs that will test the code or sort the code (like the CRUD python file I created) that other computer scientists can then use in their own programs. My work in this project helps the Grazioso Salvare company sort their data into tables and graphs to help them find different dogs that are in their search parameters for training. Instead of having to go through file by file to find a dog for a specific training type, they can use this program to select the training type and be presented with a list of dogs that fit their parameters so they can find the dogs easier. ####
